hello I'm Mari and when the cover is
jumping on everybody this time I show
you how to prepare to get your chicken
in the south crust hmm for this recipe
we need the nice full chicken good then
two kilograms of big salt 1 cup of water
2 tablespoons of flour one egg and
string then the first step is to choose
a nice chicken and to clean inside very
well I did before the next step is to
cut here away the skin
and now we use a string to keep the
chicken together so you watch me
carefully I put here in the middle and I
start first it as the wings and the and
the legs are more product to see below
the body yes and the second step tonight
clothes go all right what strong
possible here the chicken is ready and
we put on a side the next step is to
prepare the preparation with a start
then we take the egg and we separate the
white of the job yes because we use on a
good party we put inside the flower
darkness we get flight on the one end
in the water we go slowly now when the
self-preservation is ready we started
over 180 degrees Celsius and we choose
the tasting I choose the round one and I
put the piece of aluminium like this
inside the first step is to put it
starting sided you create other as a
floor now on you lady is a moment to put
the chicken inside so nice yeah this is
the reason why you put the special paper
in aluminum yes and now we are just
aluminum paper to talk escape and you
put on the side exactly you cover
just like this yeah of course
preparation great with the warm the
comedian and the chicken cook inside
with a special taste amazing the an
external and now when is done we cook
our delicious chicken in South crust for
one hour in hundred eighty degrees
Celsius of course you have to be very
dedicated and is very warm
see you soon and we are waiting for the
results in one hour later our chicken
yourself crust is ready Oh take it is
very warm now ah Thomas chicken son son
perfect this is delicious oh of course I
congratulate you because it's a very
nice walk you did perfect we're sure you
enjoyed a shoes and absolutely unique
recipe and see you next time on new
recipes all the ingredients you can
finally see the first
www.shutterstock.com bye bye yes